README.md, before:

# Backend for Personal Home Library Management

This repository contains the backend component of a website designed to organize
your personal home library effectively. The main objectives of this project
include:

- **Book Count Management:** Easily track the total number of books in your
  library.
- **Structured Viewing:** Organize books systematically for convenient browsing.
- **Comprehensive Book Details:** View detailed information about each book.
- **Addition and Editing:** Add new books to your collection and modify existing
  book details effortlessly.

## Key Features

- **GET Operations:** Retrieve all books or a specific book by ID.
- **POST Operation:** Add a new book to the library.
- **PUT Operation:** Update an existing book's information.
- **DELETE Operation:** Remove a book from the library.

## Why Choose Our Backend?

Our backend offers a straightforward and user-friendly interface, providing both
concise summaries and detailed descriptions when necessary. It's designed to
enhance the management of your personal library seamlessly.

# How to Run the Project

Simply type in the [link](https://bookshelf-backend-wmjf.onrender.com), and let
the magic unfold.

# Used technologies

This project was bootstrapped with

[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/)
[![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/express-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://expressjs.com/)
[![Mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongoose-%23880000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongoose)](https://mongoosejs.com/)
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongodb-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb)](https://www.mongodb.com/)
[![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/render-%2355c1e9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render)](https://render.com/)

[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/postman-%23FF6C37.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://www.postman.com/)
[![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/swagger-%2385EA2D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=black)](https://swagger.io/)

# Support

If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions, feel free to get in touch
with us. We're always here to help!

# About the Author

This website was created by Vasyl Lepish  
[Github](https://github.com/AlessioItaliano)
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasyl-lepish/)

Commit message:

add swagger link to readme

README.md, after:

# Backend for Personal Home Library Management

This repository contains the backend component of a website designed to organize
your personal home library effectively. The main objectives of this project
include:

- **Book Count Management:** Easily track the total number of books in your
  library.
- **Structured Viewing:** Organize books systematically for convenient browsing.
- **Comprehensive Book Details:** View detailed information about each book.
- **Addition and Editing:** Add new books to your collection and modify existing
  book details effortlessly.

## Key Features

- **GET Operations:** Retrieve all books or a specific book by ID.
- **POST Operation:** Add a new book to the library.
- **PUT Operation:** Update an existing book's information.
- **DELETE Operation:** Remove a book from the library.

## Why Choose Our Backend?

Our backend offers a straightforward and user-friendly interface, providing both
concise summaries and detailed descriptions when necessary. It's designed to
enhance the management of your personal library seamlessly.

# How to Run the Project

Simply type in the [link](https://bookshelf-backend-wmjf.onrender.com), and let
the magic unfold. To ensure correct operation, please review the
[Swagger documentation ](https://bookshelf-backend-wmjf.onrender.com/docs)

# Used technologies

This project was bootstrapped with

[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/)
[![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/express-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://expressjs.com/)
[![Mongoose](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongoose-%23880000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongoose)](https://mongoosejs.com/)
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongodb-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb)](https://www.mongodb.com/)
[![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/render-%2355c1e9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render)](https://render.com/)

[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/postman-%23FF6C37.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)](https://www.postman.com/)
[![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/swagger-%2385EA2D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=swagger&logoColor=black)](https://swagger.io/)

# Support

If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions, feel free to get in touch
with us. We're always here to help!

# About the Author

This website was created by Vasyl Lepish  
[Github](https://github.com/AlessioItaliano)
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasyl-lepish/)
